all right Lads these are 30 business
lessons I learned making $500,000 per
month my name is Daniel faio I'm the
co-founder of client Ascension list kit
making about $500,000 per month in
Revenue right now client ension is a
coaching and consulting company Lis kit
is a software company here's a bunch of
screenshots to prove that that's
actually true 265 213 14 5.9 5.8 this is
all April 1st to April 30th 2024 picture
here this is
$548 35 in cash collected from April 1st
to April 30th 202 before let's get into
this so context this is for marketing
agency owners B2B companies Freelancers
digital service providers and online
businesses so all these lessons I've
learned that's that's how I made all
this money and how I actively make all
this money is is is companies like this
right so the lessons are about signing
more clients charging more money making
more Revenue operating better enjoying
yourself more and getting more done with
less effort so lesson number one it is
more difficult to get somebody on a
sales call than it is to get them to pay
you money once they're already on the
sales call which is extremely
paradoxical in nature but you need to
understand that like an average closing
rate is something like 20% if you're
below 15% you have some catastrophic
stuff going on but compare that to you
send a cold email to a thousand people
and maybe you get one to one to four to
get on to a call you see so so the Delta
here the spread between how difficult it
is to get somebody on the call is so
substantially more massive than getting
them to actually pay you money on the
call so therefore what you should spend
a considerable amount of your time doing
in the operation of your business is to
increase conversion rates on the front
end to get people on the call in the
first place and less so in that closing
them on the call like if you're hitting
20% you're good but you really got to
spend a significant amount of your time
like optimizing to get people on the
call in the first place cuz it's just
harder to do that which is so strange
right so lesson number two rich people
treat their time like poor people treat
their money like a scarcity mindset so
this plays into the last lesson I just
said where it's harder to get them on
the phone than it is to get them to give
you money right so if you're asking rich
people for their time it's more
difficult than just making them an offer
particularly an offer that results in
them expending expending less of their
time right because they value their time
more than they value their money so keep
that in mind when you're selling to rich
people right so lesson number three if
you were afraid of fulfilling for
clients you will subconsciously sabotage
your sales calls and if you were afraid
of sales calls you were subconsciously
sabotage your legion so I see this all
the time a lot of dudes in I see a
client Ascension too so all the students
inside there they're they'll be afraid
to sign a client
because they don't want to sign the
client get money from the client and not
get results for the clients now I
understand and I and I've had that fear
before too especially when I was just
starting out like below 50k a month but
if you don't just collect the money
they're going to they're they're just
going to go pay someone else you see
what I mean like you you you've got to
really have a high degree of conviction
or you're just subconsciously you're
going to be on a call and literally be
like yeah I don't think it's going to
work for you just cuz like you're scared
to do it you know what I mean and you're
not going to you're not going to give
them any certainty so you're going to
close no deals and then if you're scared
to talk to strangers they're going to
call you're just going to sabotage your
leg gen and now the problem with this is
you'll see this data from people in
client s they'll come they'll come to me
and they they'll say they'll say
something like yeah bro I'm just having
a really tough time um getting people to
book sales calls and it's like you dive
deeper into the issue and the real
problem is that they're not following up
with any of their cold email responses
because they subconsciously afraid of
getting on a sales call because it makes
them uncomfortable so it's like it isn't
actually a lead genen problem or an
offer problem they come to you saying
it's an offer but it's not it's that
they're scared of sales calls and that's
the actual real problem so make sure you
don't make that mistake um Lesson Four
subscribing to Daniel Fazio on YouTube
means you're a future millionaire and so
just checking out the two links in the
description after you finish the video
so if you it just assign scientifically
proven fact that if you subscribe to my
Channel right now if you click the
button the probability that you become a
millionaire substantially increases
right so here's the actual lesson for so
if you ever seen this meme before the
$500 client versus the $50,000 client
the $500 clients I feel as though this
investment I'm about to make you new
that we should understand how our lives
are about to change and I need results
and you need to bring them and I am
entrusting you with their livelihood and
lives and a $50,000 client would just
say some [__] like money sent that
right so one this is true this is
actually true like this is how this
works right now but while it is easier
to deal with clients who pay more money
it is more difficult to get them on the
phone right it's easier to close them on
the phone it's easier to close rich
people than poor people on the phone
it's harder to get rich people on the
phone than poor people poor people will
just book every single call everywhere
for no reason at all it's very [__]
weird the these guys it's really
difficult to get them on the call but
when they're on the call like they're
it's very easy to get them to pay you
right so lesson number five when you say
what kind of results should I expect
that's a very lazy question so here's
the reality of the situation and I've
noticed this in my own psyche when with
me buying things is that somebody else
does not determine what results you get
the results you get are a product of you
like you make something work based off
of your mind whether that's you you
paying an agency for some services or
you're hiring somebody or you're buying
a course or a coaching program if you
walk into that and you're saying like
this isn't going to work you're going to
make it not work if you walk in saying
if if if I'm going to make this work you
make it work like it works 100% of the
time if you do that like it's all you
I've noticed this in myself too because
I I I've had a tendency in the past to
be a pessimist like no that's not going
to work like this is stupid I'm not
doing this
and then it's and then someone else in
my team will be like yeah I don't know
what you're talking about bro this is
really valuable and then like I open up
my mind and like actually this is right
so like have be more positive about
things and you'll make things work
better for you so lesson number six a
lot of people can't close sales calls
because they're socially awkward and
weird it has nothing to do with the
offer they're just not a pleasurable
person to interact with like if you're
just like if you're just not nice you're
not a cool person really like you're
kind of like you're like what I was just
talking about how I noticed myself being
like kind of like a dick sometimes like
if you're like and this applies for
networking too like people will just not
like you like they they'll really just
not enjoy being they're they're not
going to want to work with you like like
you really just got to make a cognizant
effort to be a pleasurable person and
like typically everything works out
better like your team likes you better
your clients like you better cold
prospects like you better like it like
if you if you're on social media like
those people like like it really is like
you really got to do that so lesson s
50% of refund requests are charge
chargebacks occur because the client
just doesn't like you as a person right
if they liked you even if they didn't
get results they wouldn't ask for a
refund or charge back the payment or
dispute a charge right which is very
interesting side
note sometimes a client will the they
can issue a chargeback or like a dispute
and say like oh product not received or
fraudulent if you have a signed contract
that is illegal that that is that is a
criminal offense for someone to file a
charge back and say it was fraudulent or
they didn't receive the product when
they already did so you can let them
know that um just as a side note uh
let's number eight over the long run the
person who spends more time learning how
to get better results for their clients
outpaces the person who only learns how
to do Legion for their own company right
so there's this um there's this ultimate
equalizer in the long run with it
typically happens about a year in if
you're if you if your results for
clients become increasingly better and
better and better and better you will
just sign increasingly more clients and
better clients and be able to charge
more continuously over and over and and
over again right so if there's some dude
who's just sitting here like and he
thinks he's going to make like a white
label agency and just like white label
out and ads management offer and he pays
$500 a month and he charges the client
$5,000 that that's not real real like
those those companies just go out of
business super fast and their client
turn rate is like 80% like that's just
not reality right you need to actually
know what you're doing like you need to
acquire skills and be the person capable
of delivering quantifiable results for
clients like you need to become skillful
you specifically not some other person
right number nine overly complex systems
tend to actively make you less money so
like making a 33 step AI enabled cold
emo script automation supercharger
detection spin tax intent system is a
complete waste of
time it you you will not make more money
like that that will not make you more
money if you just make a better
offer and you increase your volume that
will make you more money all all of
these complex systems it's a complete
waste of time for every party involved
it's it it doesn't make more money like
it just doesn't like there's this trend
people will pay they'll pay like $1,000
a month for some software over here and
they have to hire this person to manage
it manage it and and then and then build
this system over here and it it's just a
complete waste of time and it's so much
work and effort and extra and it doesn't
even make them more sales it's such a
waste of human capital just don't do any
of that like it it's so much
easier all right let's number 10 having
an active YouTube channel even even if
you don't get a lot of views makes
everything 30 times easier close rates
go up response rates go up conversion
rates go up everything in your life is
easier if you show people you exist and
build Authority like that's it like
here's the here's the reality is that if
you if you go cold email a client or if
you cold DM a client or someone sees you
post something they they stumble across
you in some capacity at all in any
situation and they are interested in
your services and they would like to
learn more what do people do when they
would like to learn more what they do is
they Google you so if you Google Daniel
FAO like you get my my stuff is there
it's very clearly evident that I'm I
like I exist and I I have a level of
authority right you need to build that
you have you have to have that like it
makes your life so much easier and like
I understand you start from nothing in
the beginning but like everything starts
from nothing like that's how it works
bro like just start now and like like
the the the day exactly one year from
now in three years from now and 5 years
from now will elapse your future version
of yourself does exist like it's not
like that isn't like that's a blank like
that exists it's going to happen so you
might as well do this right now all
right lesson 11 rigorously measure the
ROI of everything you're spending
on if there's a like a software you're
paying for either buckle down and
actually use it or cancel it like it
just applies to everything like stop
teetering in between like am I going to
do this am I going to like use it or
don't pick like it's you start stacking
all the stuff you don't actually use
like just only do
stuff that you plan on actually doing
like when you say you're going to do
something just stick just stick by Your
Word like just just do that holy [__]
that makes such a difference when you
just do that um Lesson 12 everything is
a skill issue so you re you really got
to internalize this you'd get more leads
if you were better at leg gen you'd
close more deals if you were a better
salesman you'd be able to charge more
money if you were better at getting
results it's all you like if you if you
can't get it it's not like Le genen
doesn't work for my company or marketing
doesn't work for my company it's that
you don't know how to make lead genen
work you don't know how to make
marketing work oh S Sales don't work for
like sales don't work for me no no no
it's just that you're not good at sales
it's a skill issue like you can you can
just get better at this stuff like it
it's the wildest thing of all time like
you can go on YouTube or like buy
courses and go through everything and
practice and just get better at
something it's actually the wildest [__]
of all time like you can just become you
can just create something out of nothing
like you are allowed to do that it is so
insane that that's just like legal like
you could just get better at generating
leads and get better at sales and make
way more money like you're allowed to do
that it's actually insane right so 13 if
you don't get on video so like like a
video sales letter on your on your
website or YouTube videos or like like
you're filming sales assets like if you
just if you don't put videos of yourself
on the
internet you are done in this market the
entire world is digital now every single
person on the planet researches you
online there there's not a single
consumer now like every like 90
5% like 99% of the of of the market that
you're selling to just like like
consumers at all a business people
everybody is digitally enabled if you
don't put yourself on video you're done
you're going to be smoked like this is
not like if you're sitting here and like
I don't want to put myself on video I'm
scared like like you have you have to
get over it like it's it it you can't do
that anymore that's not that's not
allowed like you just won't win you are
completely
done there's a 0% probability you
succeed if you don't just get on video
like it's it's not going to happen like
you're not you're not going to win if
you're not getting on video and today's
market like that's just the market now
it's too sophisticated to not do that um
lesson 14 you get stuck at $10,000 to
$15,000 per month because you're scared
to spend the money you're making so um
you're scared to you're scared to try
new things you're scared to go invest
into more education you're scared to
hire full-time people you are scared to
uh try ads you're scared to ads in any
capacity like a partnership ad or like
digital ads it doesn't matter you're
you're you're just you're you're scared
to spend money like your your your
scarcity mindset like you need to get
out of the scarcity mindset like it's
that is what's stopping you right so the
most efficient use of money when you're
below $100,000 per month is coaching and
Consulting there's just like despite
what you might otherwise
think you don't know a lot of stuff I
don't know a lot of stuff so it's like
if I'm making $500,000 per month the
dude who makes $3 million per month
knows a substantial amount of stuff more
than me that's why I'm actively in two
masterminds right now one is $60,000 per
year and the other was
$45,000 for a
year and both of those guys make like
more than quadruple what I make so I
wanted to know what they're doing in
order so I can grow and get to a million
a month two million a month like that
that's what I would like and the only
way for
me it's very simple like if if you want
to know how to make a million dollar a
month or $2 million per month you just
pay someone to tell you who's already
done it to tell you how to do it like
it's really that simple like if you're
making 5K a month and you want to make
30k a month just go pay someone who's
already gone past 30 came on to tell you
how to do that it's hilarious that you
can just do that like like it's really
that simple the most efficient use of
money when you're above $100,000 per
month is hiring top tier Talent whether
that's an agency owner you've met online
or somebody you hire full-time
specifically somebody who has been in a
company that achieved like 10x your size
like you really just need it all forms
of association with specifically people
who have already done what you're doing
like have grown 10 times higher than
whether that's a coach Mentor an agency
owner you hire a full-time person you
hire uh maybe someone you just buy
one-off Consulting calls from maybe you
buy their course like you just need
associations with people who have done
10 times more than like it's really that
simple and people are so afraid to do
this because of this Trope online where
it's like oh he sells a course scam and
it's like I don't know why that is like
there's like there's a category of
people who think like every single
course is a scam and it's like it's like
not [__] true at all I've spent so
much money on it and it's like
single-handedly what got me where I am
but like I just wouldn't be here if I
didn't spend all of this money on
courses in coaching like I I just
wouldn't like it's really that
simple lesson 17 if you hesitate to
close a client because you don't think
they're a 100% good fit they're just
going to go pay somebody else selling
the exact same thing as you tomorrow so
I it was a it was a Dan Kennedy seminar
I was listening to one time and he was
talking about how um um this sales guy
how he he was going around and he was
selling like this this way back in the
day like maybe early 2000s he was going
around selling um like these super Heavy
Duty Pots and Pans or something and and
then like the sales guy was like he saw
that their their house was kind of
dilapitated like they I don't know the
guy was complaining about he didn't he
wasn't able to put enough food in the
table they didn't have a lot of money
and but the person like wanted to buy it
they're like but no I think these pans
like like I really want to buy it and
then the sales guy rejected it and then
somehow he came across the dude like a
couple weeks later and then he had
bought some completely other stupid
stupid [__] like some like collector
vases or vases or like whatever I know
it it was the sales guy just chose to
not sell to this person because he
thought like they would have been better
off not buying but then like the next
week they just went and bought some
other stupid
[__] like they like they they'll just go
buy so like if you reject the client
they'll just go buy it from somebody
else tomorrow like that's literally
what's going to happen like they will
just go buy it from somebody El
else so just [__] sell it to them
yourself right now listen 18 you cannot
change people's minds they already
believe what they believe all you can do
is wait until they change it themselves
so like for instance if if you're trying
to sell a client and they have like this
irrational belief
of like I no like this ads just aren't
going to work for me like they're just
not going to work for me it's like
they're so adamant about that it's like
okay that's it like you just have to
give them time for them to stumble
across whatever information on the
internet that they happen to stumble
across that changes their mind over a
long enough time period like you're not
going to be able to change these
people's mind that he just believes
somehow advertising won't work for his
business like that like you just can't
change their mind like it's impossible
you just won't be able to do it so just
let those people go this is inherently
why you don't close like if you say you
have a 20% close rate on calls and like
that's considered pretty good but that
also means 80% of people don't like it's
people like this that's the 80% of
people that are being referred to like
you just can't change their mind it's
functionally impossible right so lesson
number 19 most people think they have an
offer problem they actually have a
traffic problem it's not that your offer
is not good it's just that nobody knows
exists or at least the people who would
actually buy it don't know exist so I
see this a lot in client Ascension guys
will come to me and they be like bro I
got to like improve my offer like I'm
not making like like I I really want to
start signing more clients like I just
need a better offer and it's like hold
on let's let's let let's assess this
situation here like how much content
have you put out on on Twitter LinkedIn
or YouTube in the past 30 days like oh
nothing like oh okay well how many cold
emails have you sent you've only sent
500 emails well how many cold DMS have
you sent none it's like well dude it's
like this is not an offer problem this
is a literally nobody knows you exist
problem like you can't even assess
whether this is an offer problem because
nobody has gotten the offer so you don't
know if it's an offer problem like that
just this is a traffic problem like
nobody knows you exist so you need to
really pay attention and be able to
delineate what really is your problem
this goes back to what we were talking
about earlier with that you'll
subconsciously sabotage your sales calls
if you're scared of them or if you're
scared of fulfillment like you need to
be able to correctly diagnose what the
real problem is because like a lot of
people they think they have an offer
it's not an offer problem it's just that
nobody knows you exist that's it there
also a if you're sending cold emails
people think they'll have like a script
problem but it's actually like you're
just sending it to an irrelevant
audience like the lead list you got just
isn't the correct kind of person who
would buy it but they think it's a
script problem but it isn't a script
problem it's just that it's leads list
problem you see what I mean like you
just Target the wrong
person all right lesson number 20
markets tend to be significantly larger
than you think so your target market is
SAS companies and you somehow think
you're going to run out of town you will
cut quite literally make $100 million
before you have a t problem so like I
see this all the time people they'll be
selling to like Ecom brands or something
they'd be like yeah bro it's like real
saturated now like there's not like the
market isn't big enough I I got to start
selling it to someone else and it's like
dude it's not that the market is too
small it's that like you're just not
doing a good job of generating leads or
having a good offer or being good at
sales like your stuff just isn't
good like Ecommerce is like $300 billion
industry like it's like the Tam this is
not a tam problem like so you see what I
mean you see I'm getting out here you
have to really pay attention to what
actually is the issue because people
will misdiagnose things all the time if
you if you operate under an assumption
of a misdiagnosed problem you start
doing things to fix that but that's not
the real problem you see what I mean so
now lesson number 21 on the flip side of
lesson 20 is that you can have a tam
that's too small so I see this a lot as
well which is very interesting people
would be like I Target supplement brands
in the United States who make $100,000
per month and more now it sounds
reasonable
but and I understand that might be your
bread and butter but there's only like
250 of these in existence maybe maybe
like a thousand of these that are that
make over $1.2 million per year and
specifically sell supplements and
specifically are in the United States so
how many supplement brands do you know I
know like
eight like maybe not even eight the the
this Market is too small like it's like
it's too small just it's impossible like
you you you if you want to scale like
relatively fast you need to sell to
other people you see what it mean so you
have to know again misdiagnosing like is
it too is it actually too small is it
actually not small you see what I mean
like you have to know what's going on
here all right 22 you only want a
revenue share deal with a company that
that is vehemently opposed to giving you
a revenue share right so the people who
want to give you Revenue share are
exactly the companies you do do not want
to do Revenue share with so if you're
going to call with someone and they're
like yeah bro like I really like I just
don't want to pay a retainer for this
like I'm happy to give you like like 25%
cut of the deal like what they're doing
is they are so unconfident in their
business that they can't they can't even
like they they they don't want to risk
any small amount of retainer upfront
money at all so what when someone's
saying like yo give you 25% of it like
what they're doing is they're not
confident in their business and the
reason like if they were confident in
their business they would much rather
pay $2500 a month or $4,000 a month than
give you 25% of the deals you see what I
mean because it like if they're going to
make
$100,000 they'd rather pay you 4,000
then 25,000 you see what I mean so when
someone is like so into like yeah yeah
Revenue share Revenue share like I'm
only going to pay you if it's a revenue
share then that's like exactly who you
don't because remember we talked about
earlier they're not confident in their
business so they're walking into this
Arrangement that it's not going to work
so they're drisking themselves you see
what I mean and them thinking it's not
going to work is exactly what's going to
make it not work you see what I mean
like this is how this works so 23 you
are the average of the people around you
it's so true and I Scott Galloway said
this not only will you you all the
people around you you will think like
them you will talk like them you will do
what they do because you hang out with
them you will even you your income will
become theirs your net worth will become
theirs and even your
weight will become theirs if they're
obese you will become obese if you hang
out if all the people you hang out with
are obese if all the people you hang out
with are jacked you will become
jacked you
will
every
averages everything this is another
reason why it's so important to be in
private groups online again the whole
world is digital so your digital online
group is your friend group now like that
that is like you spend in fact you spend
more time with your online friends than
you do with your in-person friends you
do you talk to them more you interact
with them more you spend more actual
time with them than your in-person
friends therefore when I'm telling you
to optimize who you're around that
applies to your Digital Life what kind
of private groups are you in are you are
you in a community like client Ascension
or Internet money or something like that
like are are you in masterminds are you
talking to people who are ahead of you
you will average to them in every if all
of your friends have girlfriends you
will get a girlfriend if all of your
friends are if you have a girlfriend and
all your friends are single you will you
will break up like you will like that
that is how it works if you're married
and all your friends are getting
divorced you're probably going to get
divorced and that's actually a
scientific study I saw I don't know
where it is don't don't quote me on it
but it's somewhere if your if you're in
a friend group like a married couple and
your married couple friends start
getting divorced the probability that
you get divorce starts increasing like
multiple fold you always average to
everybody around you for every variable
ever everything you become everything
they are all of it so take careful note
of who you are hanging out with like
very very careful note and if you're
below the age of like 25 it's hard to
conceptualize this but it's so true it's
so crazy true right so lesson number 24
affirmations work this is my phone
background it says I will make $1
million per month if you pick up your
phone like 150 times a day you're really
just affirming to yourself 150 times per
day I will make $1 million per month
this works this this actually does work
do that just go just go on your
Instagram app put your
phone just put the camera on the on the
ground so it's black snap the picture
write that save the picture set it as
your phone wallpaper do it it
works all right 25 marketing agencies
actually are the best way to make your
first $100,000 per month it is the best
intro business of all time it's great
character building all right let me
explain why for you to run
a marketing agency smma whatever some
digital service but you sell a a a
service to a client and it's rendered
online right what is everything involved
with making this business successful
lead generation of marketing to find the
clients to get them interested sales so
you actually speak to other humans in
like learn persuasion and logical
arguments as to why somebody should give
you money for a specific service and
then fulfillment in client management
like you learn how to manage
clients and all all all the other like
you you begin to learn hiring you begin
to learn systems and processes you learn
client fulfillment whatever you're
selling them if you're doing ads for
them you learn how to do ads if you're
doing call email for them you have you
call email like you just learn you it's
necessary for you to learn so
much it's the best character building of
all the time and this is why you see
like so many people like so so many of
the like large CEOs like a lot of them
ran companies like this like the younger
dudes like it's like a lot of people
started out like a lot of the huge gurus
you see online right now started with a
marketing agency this was my first
business it was it was it was an
Instagram growth agency it was a
marketing agent I learned so much in a
year of running that company and then my
next one was a cold email agency learned
so much you see what I mean like it
matures the [__] out of you like it
really is the best business to start cuz
you you take all these skills with you
for the rest of life it's it's
phenomenal character building Drop
Shipping it's it's all it's all [__]
like it's it's all nonsense like you
want to build an e-com brand you need a
[__] ton of capital like you don't have
that you only have time so like just
start an agency or just a freelance
business same thing an a an agency is
just a freelance business with a lot of
clients it makes a lot of money like
that's
it best business of all time to start
all right L's number 26 the purpose of a
guarantee on your headline is more about
getting people on the phone than getting
them to close on the phone 90% of people
won't even ask for a guarantee or want
one but they definitely wouldn't have
gotten on the phone if it wasn't there
right so remember I was talking about
ear it's harder to get somebody on the
phone than it is to close them on the
phone the purpose of putting guarantee
or like a 100% satisfaction guarantee or
or or we'll get this result for you or
you get your money back that's to get
people on the phone like most people
don't actually give a [__] about that
once they're already on the phone but
they they they just wouldn't have got on
the phone if you didn't say that like
that that's what it's actually
for that's the usefulness of it right so
like when I'm telling people to like
making their offers and a guarantee like
I'm not telling them to put the
guarantee so that they increase their
close rate I'm telling them so they
actually even get calls at all like they
just won't get any calls booked at all
like zero if they just don't do that and
they're in a relatively sophisticated
market like it just won't make any you
won't talk to anyone ever if you don't
have that it's just harder to get them
on the
phone all right 27 the most important
action in your business is creating and
collecting case studies there was
nothing more important so if if I had to
if I could only do one like strategy for
the rest of time in terms of my
marketing of the business it would be
collecting case studies studies like
filming them posting them
online it is social proof is the highest
driver of lead generation and
conversions and closing rates
everything it is it it people are so
influenced by social proof they let me
put up people are influenced most by
there's nothing that will influence
somebody more than social proof like
ever you see what I mean ever if it
seems like everyone is using you
everyone is getting results with you
then just more people do it there is
nothing more powerful on the planet than
social proof it's like what your mom
will tell you when you're a kid like if
all your friends were jumping off a
bridge are you are you too and it's like
like paradoxically it's like yeah like
if you if you're I don't know maybe
you're at the river with a bunch of your
friends and it's summer vacation and
there's like a there's like a 30 foot
river drop into the bridge into the
river and all your friends are jumping
off they're like ah don't be a [__]
like jump like
yeah you're like you will jump off the
bridge like that you literally will do
that it's it's fun if it seems like
everyone is buying your stuff and
getting
results they'll buy
it like they literally will jump off the
bridge like that's that's like what
happens right all right 28 cold Outreach
content marketing and ads all make each
other work better as you do them
together so imagine this situation let's
say you're like
let's say you're sending like a th000
cold emails per day and now again as we
have already established if somebody
gets a cold email from you and they're
interested in your stuff they're going
to Google search your name and like when
they Google search your name you pop up
your website pops up or your YouTube
channel pops up they click on your
website now they get pixeled with the
with the Google tag or the Facebook
pixel and then you're running
retargeting ads so like they got a C
email from you they Googled you saw your
site didn't do anything now they're
getting your ads
see now it's like what and then or say
someone comes from your your content
they're watch they watch a YouTube video
of you you're running retargeting ads
against people who have watched your
YouTube videos now they start getting
retargeting ads from you or someone who
got a a YouTube ad from you who was cold
traffic clicked onto your your YouTube
channel starts watching your organic
stuff you see what I mean like this they
all make each other work better when you
mix them together that's why it's
important to build them all out you see
what I mean like it's very important to
do this all right next lesson number 29
there is a 100% one toone correlation
between volume and client sign okay so
here's what you need to understand I
have
had like a thousand people like over a
thousand people come through my coaching
program client
Ascension they're agency owners B2B
companies they sell their own coaching
programs courses
whatever and we make them submit end of
day type forms because I want to see
your data like I want to know what and
I'm talking to you like I have my
coaching call every Wednesday like I'm
I'm talking I'm go I'm dming people back
and forth like I'm just having conver I
know what's happening right I know what
you're doing I know what everyone's
doing I know who's making money and I
know who's not making money right this
is very simple to
understand everybody
who sends more cold emails signs more
clients everybody who posts more on
YouTube Twitter LinkedIn
Instagram signs more clients everybody
who spends more money on ads signs more
clients it's really that simple like it
some someone get like what what's the
best way for me to to start making St
way more clients it's send more emails
send more call DM post more content
build funnels and spend money in ads
that's it that is the one deter this
this has never not been true ever if I
see an end of day type form come up and
I see someone go I went for like yeah
yeah last month we did 25,000 this month
we did 38,000 or 40,000 and then I
compare what they did last month to this
month in terms of like
activity they like doubled how many cold
emails they were sending
they they they started posting on
YouTube they posted every day on Twitter
and Linkedin like they just they just
rammed volume like that's it this is so
absolutely true this is never not true
this is this has never not been the case
ever it is 100% of the time correct it
is mathematically impossible for this to
not hold
true that's it if you want to make more
money just do more [__]
that's it I promise you it works 100% of
the time all right next lesson 30 not
drinking alcohol significantly impacts
how easy work is right okay so let me
let help you understand this it's not
that people have more grit than you it's
that they're operating within an
environment that makes out producing You
by
tenfold
easy if you go out and get shitfaced
drunk all the time or you even just have
like one drink at night like after work
or whatever two drinks at at night I
just went zero alcohol just just zero
and I'll I'll drink sometimes but I'll
go like I'll go like two three weeks
just not a single sip of alcohol and
what happens is like after day
s like you it it it's so easy for me to
sit down and like bang out long
documents like this and like film long
videos like this with just absolutely no
problem at all and just like churn
workout and be completely okay and it's
not even difficult at all like I don't
have to think harder like it just flows
it's every everything is
easy that's what happens like seven days
after I've had zero alcohol and and then
you just keep that street going if
you're just drinking all the time dude I
know that feeling you have to just like
shuffle through stuff and it's it's just
hard like
it everything is just slow it's annoying
and it's like
dude it's okay to not drink all the
[__] time it's it's so ridiculous
that that that is even like you can go
out with your friends or to dinner or
something and just not have alcohol and
like side note if your friends are going
out to a bar just get a water soda lme
just soda soda water and lime it looks
like you're drinking a vodka soda lime
you're not and you're around a bunch of
drunk people you start to kind of feel
Elation like just by
association even though you didn't drink
at all like just just do that like it's
holy [__] makes your life so much easier
all right action steps uh go to the
links in the description so internet
money group.com uh that'll teach you how
to start a marketing agency and make
your first $1,000 online um if you're
already running business go to client
ascension. comom link is in the
description if you want me to
contractually guarantee you sign between
5 to 25 of your next high-paying clients
and are able to scale your your business
as fast as possible and subscribe to my
channel and then that link up above you
want to watch another video click there
but make sure you subscribe all right
bye peace love you